Restructure and fix SiteConfig cluster reinstallation files (#7930)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: mce_acm_integration/siteconfig/siteconfig_ibbf_reinstall_cluster.adoc

          macAddress: <new-node-macAddress>
          ...
      ...
----

. Apply the changes. See the following options:

> .. If you are using {gitops-short} ZTP, push to your Git repository and wait for Argo CD to synchronize the changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. If you are using {gitops-short} ZTP, push to your Git repository and allow Argo CD to synchronize the changes.
```

.. To manually apply your changes, run the following command on the hub cluster:

+
[source,bash]
----

> oc apply -f clusterinstance-example.yaml

Author: @sakhoury I believe this step was missing from the IBFF procedures. I know we have this in the basic cluster reinstallation but it might be confusing to omit the apply step. Please, confirm if we need it or not!

Reviewer: We can add it!
